docs: MVP plotly-express docs (#554)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/plotly-express/docs/line-ternary.md

#### When are ternary line plots appropriate?

Ternary line plots are appropriate when the data contain three interrelated mutually exclusive categories whose relationships can be quantified with a continuous variable. Further, ternary line plots are preferable to ternary scatter plots when the explanatory variables are ordered.

#### What are ternary line plots useful for?

- **Compositional Data Representation**: Ternary line plots are suitable for representing compositional data where the total proportion remains constant, allowing for the visualization of how components change relative to one another.
- **Multivariate Data Analysis**: They are useful in multivariate data analysis to visualize relationships and trends among three variables or components that are interrelated.

> - **Optimization Studies**: Ternary line plots can be applied in optimization studies to understand how adjustments in the proportions of three components impact the overall composition, aiding in informed decision-making.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Optimization Studies**: They can be applied in optimization studies to understand how adjustments in the proportions of three components impact the overall composition, aiding in informed decision-making.
```

Reviewer: I'll probably do a final consistency edit once Don, Joe, and Chip are happy.
